WebGPU PR #5 — Interfaces for handling command encoding and submission (#25312)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/gpurenderpassencoder/drawindexed/index.md

## Syntax

```js-nolint
drawIndexed(indexCount)
drawIndexed(indexCount, instanceCount)
drawIndexed(indexCount, instanceCount, firstIndex)
drawIndexed(indexCount, instanceCount, firstIndex, baseVertex)
drawIndexed(indexCount, instanceCount, firstIndex, baseVertex, firstInstance)
```

### Parameters

- `indexCount`
  - : A number defining the number of indices to draw.
- `instanceCount` {{optional_inline}}
  - : A number defining the number of instances to draw. If omitted, `instanceCount` defaults to 1.
- `firstIndex` {{optional_inline}}
  - : A number defining the offset into the index buffer, in indices, to begin drawing from. If omitted, `firstIndex` defaults to 0.
- `baseVertex` {{optional_inline}}
  - : A number added to each index value before indexing into the vertex buffers. If omitted, `baseVertex` defaults to 0.
- `firstInstance` {{optional_inline}}
  - : A number defining the first instance to draw. If omitted, `firstInstance` defaults to 0.

### Return value

None ({{jsxref("Undefined")}}).

## Examples

> In the WebGPU Samples [Shadow Mapping](https://webgpu.github.io/webgpu-samples/samples/shadowMapping) example, `drawIndexed()` is used in two separate render passes in each animation frame, one to draw the main model and one to draw its shadow. Study the example code listing for the full context.

Reviewer: Not quite accurate. The shadow pass doesn't "draw the shadow", it draws into a shadow buffer that is then used to determine the shadows in the main render pass. It's a subtle difference, but worth fixing here.

```suggestion
In the WebGPU Samples [Shadow Mapping](https://webgpu.github.io/webgpu-samples/samples/shadowMapping) example, `drawIndexed()` is used in two separate render passes in each animation frame, one to populate the shadow buffer and one to draw the primary view of the scene. Study the example code listing for the full context.
```

Author: Ah, makes sense. Updated!
